[SDK-3710] Readme Redesign (#392)
auth0/ruby-auth0: EXAMPLES.md

> ## Build a URL to the Universal Login Page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Examples using ruby-auth0

## Build a URL to Universal Login Page
```
